chore: remove webhooks after exiting `npx pepr dev` (#816)
defenseunicorns/pepr: docs/030_user-guide/010_pepr-cli.md

## `npx pepr dev`

> Connect a local cluster to a local version of the Pepr Controller to do real-time debugging of your module. Note the `npx pepr dev` assumes a K3d cluster is running by default. If you are working with Kind or another docker-based K8s distro, you will need to pass the `--host host.docker.internal` option to `npx pepr dev`. If working with a remote cluster you will have to give Pepr a host path to your machine that is reachable from the K8s cluster. Please note that this command installs the `pepr-system` namespace and the `PeprStore` CRD into the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect a local cluster to a local version of the Pepr Controller to do real-time debugging of your module. Note the `npx pepr dev` assumes a K3d cluster is running by default. If you are working with Kind or another docker-based K8s distro, you will need to pass the `--host host.docker.internal` option to `npx pepr dev`. If working with a remote cluster you will have to give Pepr a host path to your machine that is reachable from the K8s cluster.

NOTE: This command, by necessity, installs resources into the cluster you run it against.  Generally, these resources are removed once the `pepr dev` session ends but there are two notable exceptions:
- the `pepr-system` namespace, and
- the `PeprStore` CRD.

These can't be auto-removed because they're global in scope & doing so would risk wrecking any other Pepr deployments that are already running in-cluster.  If (for some strange reason) you're _not_ `pepr dev`-ing against an ephemeral dev cluster and need to keep the cluster clean, you'll have to remove these hold-overs yourself (or not)!
```
